every time it does decide this I can't
even look a baby what are you doing -
what's up guys hello everyone were
clearly at the top of the tallest
building in Havana we're not gonna be
posting videos on this channel or our
regular type of videos for another
couple of weeks but we'll come back to
the regular soon hopefully we're doing
something a little different for the
next few weeks and we'll be announcing
it - pretty soon next up is plans with
Carmen in Mexico so we're very excited
for this we leave tomorrow morning at
nine am no wow 5:30
to wake up the yeah we just
brought everyone I think this is a
perfect one and a half video laughs
killer
live are we that's it yeah your knees in
was Bannen yeah okay you should put the
screen down so we could see what's up I
can say it's good is it good yeah